I, myself, will proceed
up to level three
and be their next opponent.
Oh, nothing to fear, huh?
Are you absolutely sure
that you'll win?
That I am.
[chuckles]
For I am Dabura,
King of the Demon World.
No matter how many kilis of
power they're able to muster,
they will fall at my feet
and beg for mercy
before I am finished!
[laughs]
[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
as Dabura powered up
for the coming battle
with Gohan and the others,
back at the World
Martial Arts Tournament,
the event took
a super-charged turn
when the remaining contestants
began a battle-royale
to determine the winner!
Number 18 and Mighty Mask have
taken the fight to the skies,
while the reigning champ
watches helplessly
from the ring below,
down but not out!
The title bout continues now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[menacing music plays]
How much longer
do we have to wait?
Hey, maybe you and Dad
did such a good job
fighting those first two guys
no one else wants
to try their luck.
Well, it's not like we're
in a hurry or anything.
Let them take their time.
[laughs]
Incredible! Dabura's
energy is skyrocketing!
It goes higher
with each passing minute!
The king of the Demon World
will crush these Earthlings.
That's it. Let that power of
yours blossom fully, Dabura.
Majin Buu's revival
is oh so close at hand!
[laughs]
[CROWD cheering]
Moments into our battle royale
and things have taken
a turn for the surreal,
with Number 18 and Mighty Mask
now slugging it out
hundreds of feet above the ring!
[A18 grunts]
[TRUNKS]
Whoa! Time out!
We're in trouble!
So throw a punch
or something!
We can't win by blocking!
Throwing a punch
isn't easy when
you're stuck
on someone's shoulders!
[TRUNKS grunts]
--[TRUNKS] Ha!
--[A18 groans]
[GOTEN]
Ooh. That was a good one!
Of the five contestants
who began this battle royale,
two have already
been disqualified
for getting knocked
out of the ring!
Number 18 and Mighty Mask
are looking fierce up there,
but our reigning champion
is still in the game!
[MR. SATAN]
Nnnngh!
[gasps]
Whoa!
Unbelievable! I've never seen
anything this awesome before!
[PUAR, CHICHI, MARRON,
BULMA, OOLONG cheering]
[GOTEN] Hey, Trunks. How come
nobody's cheering for us, huh?
'Cause we're dressed like
somebody else, remember?
Maybe the real
Mighty Mask is a punk!
Whoever he is,
he's no slouch!
Whoever wins up there
is gonna come down
and clobber me!
[A18] I can't
figure this freak out.
He has such a long torso, but
the arms and legs of a child.
And how did he get so strong?
[A18 grunts]
[TRUNKS, GOTEN groan]
Number 18 is stronger
than I thought, Goten!
Why can't she be
a pushover like Killa?
[GOTEN] Don't give up,
Trunks! We can do it!
We? What have you done
so far to help us
win this thing, huh?
Kick 'er or somethin'!
What do you expect?
I can barely see
outta these eye-holes!
Look, this isn't perfect
for either one of us!
But if you can land
a good hit on her,
I'll let you pick out another
one of my toys, okay?
[GOTEN] Another toy?
Do you really mean it?
Wahoo! All right!
I'll do my best!
Let's show her
what we're made of!
[GOTEN]
Yeah!
[A18 groans]
[A18] I can't read his moves
at all! I'm in the dark!
[GOTEN]
Nice job, Trunks!
That was a really good punch!
You keep it up
with all that kicking!
--[TRUNKS] Here we go!
--[GOTEN] All right!
She's gonna lose!
The fight's not over yet.
What's the matter,
Number 18? Just slug him!
Could you come down here
and fight like normal people?
Pretty please?
That's it!
We're winning, Goten!
[GOTEN]
Yeah!
[TRUNKS]
What the--?
[A18 grunts]
[TRUNKS yells]
[MR. SATAN yells]
[CROWD gasps]
Oh no. Is the champ dead?
[MR. SATAN groans]
I gotta fight one of
those two weirdos
if I wanna defend my title?
This tournament was supposed
to be a walk in the park!
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[clears throat]
Huh?
Yeah! They're not knocking
me out that easily!
He-hah. Yeah!
Uh. Yeah.
[chuckles nervously]
[TRUNKS]
That really hurt.
[GOTEN]
Are you all right, Trunks?
I didn't think
she could hit that hard!
Hey, how about this?
I'll be the arms
for a little bit.
Yeah! Good idea.
Let's do it!
Uh, not to disturb
you down there, but
does this mean
you throw in the towel?
No, it doesn't!
Uuuuuh?!
Whoa! He's up
on his feet again!
Mighty Mask is tough!
All right! Way to go!
That Mighty Mask fella's
doing pretty well
for himself, isn't he?
[ROSHI grunts]
[grunts]
[A18]
He's moving differently now!
[TRUNKS] Now's our chance!
Go for it, Goten!
--[GOTEN grunts]
--[A18 groans]
We did it!
[TRUNKS] Good job, Goten!
Let's keep it up!
[GOTEN]
Uh-huh!
[A18 grunts]
--[GOTEN] All right!
--[TRUNKS] Let's finish it!
[GOTEN]
Yeah!
[A18 bellows]
[GOTEN yells]
[TRUNKS]
Man! That was a close one!
Even when I'm
the top of this outfit,
it's hard to move!
The way he moves doesn't
make anatomical sense!
Yay! You can do it, Mommy!
Keep fighting!
I believe in you a whole bunch!
Right. Time to win this!
[A18 grunts]
[CROWD cheering]
Go, Mommy!
I'll win this fight
no matter what!
I dunno what happened,
but Number 18
looks way scarier
than she did before!
Stop worrying about
how she looks and punch!
If she wins this,
you're not getting any toys!
[GOTEN]
Aw, that's no fair!
You can't promise me toys
and then take it back
at the last second like this!
[A18 grunts]
[TRUNKS]
Not good. Not good!
[A18 grunts]
[GOTEN wails]
This has been a fight
for the history books, folks!
A finale worthy of the World
Martial Arts Tournament!
I'm not alone when I say
I never knew Mighty Mask
could fight even a fraction
as well as we've seen today!
[TRUNKS] See what happens when
you start zoning out about toys?
Trade me. I'm taking
the top again!
[GOTEN]
O-Okay.
Uh, throwing in the towel
this time, Mighty Mask?
Aah!
There doesn't seem
to be a punch invented
that can keep this guy down!
This level of perseverance
is something we never saw
out of Mighty Mask
in past tournaments!
This is no longer a battle
royale in any sense of the term!
This is a one-on-one match
between Mighty Mask
and Number 18
for the whole ball of wax!
I just want my momma.
[bellows]
Get us outta the way!
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
[yells]
[BOTH grunting]
[ANNOUNCER]
Uh?
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
[laughs]
[A18 grunts]
We're never gonna
win like this!
[GOTEN] I betcha if we turn
Super Saiyan, it'll be a snap!
Ha! You're a genius!
As long as we're
wearing this disguise,
nobody'll know we did it!
All right! You ready?
[GOTEN]
Yup!
[A18 grunts]
Let's do this thing!
[GOTEN]
Okay!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN bellow]
Why is he glowing?
What happened?
[ROSHI]
Mmm!
Look-it the mask guy!
He's all yellow!
Even with going
Super Saiyan,
it's hard to fight like this.
I think we'll need
to use an energy blast!
[GOTEN] Huh? Are you sure
that's a good idea?
Yeah, it's fine!
It's not like we're fighting a
regular human being, remember?
This is Number 18!
Hm! Now I get what's going on.
Somebody just went Super Saiyan.
If you boys want to play rough,
that's fine by me.
[GOTEN]
Make sure you don't hit her
with everything
you've got, Trunks!
I know, I know, okay?
[TRUNKS yells]
[A18 yells]
[MR. SATAN groans]
I knew it.
Darn it! I missed her!
[GOTEN]
We gotta keep attacking her!
[A18]
You have got to be kidding me!
That energy blast
was incredibly fast,
and packed so much
destructive force!
I didn't know those two boys
were anywhere near
as strong as this!
If I mean to win this fight,
I need to take
the initiative now!
You sure remind me
of two little kids I know
named Trunks and Goten!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN] Ooh!
She knows! This isn't good!
[GOTEN] What are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
[TRUNKS, GOTEN yell]
[yells]
Number 18's attack
tore Mighty Mask in half!
[grunts]
What were you thinking?
You were supposed to
go the other way!
Maybe you should've
gone the way I did!
Why you little--!
Listen up, Goten!
You are in so much
trouble, mister!
Trunks! What in the world
are you doing up there?
[ROSHI chuckles]
I knew it was those two
from the beginning.
So, what do we do
now that they know it's us?
We go all out!
We might as well
win if we're busted!
--Let's get her!
--Yeah!
[BOTH yell]
Uh. Hey, you kids
fighting as Mighty Mask!
You're disqualified! Stop it!
Wait. We're disqualified?
Uh-oh. Time to go!
[GOTEN]
Yeah.
You get back here, Goten!
Don't fly away from your mother!
You are grounded!
Do you hear me, buddy?
[A18 exhales]
[MR. SATAN groans]
[exhales]
Oookay.
What an amazing match!
Right, folks?
But, Mighty Mask
is disqualified
on the grounds of being
too many people!
Now, Mr. Satan and Number 18
are the only fighters left
in our battle royale!
The championship is on the line!
[CROWD cheering]
Hey, Mommy! You can do it!
[MR. SATAN]
What do I do now?
Laughing and yelling
ain't gonna save me
from one of
this chick's punches!
[CROWD]
You can do it, Number 18!
We believe in you, Mr. Satan!
Okay! Will the victor
of today's
World Martial Arts Tournament
be newcomer Number 18
or the heroic Mr. Satan?
After an amazing display
of skill high above our heads,
Number 18 is a new fan-favorite!
Who's going home
with the ten million Zeni
in prize money, folks?
[A18]
Hm!
[MR. SATAN]
She could break me in half
just by looking
at me cross-eyed!
Mr. Satan! Let her have it!
Huh?
[CROWD cheers]
Yeah!
[CROWD]
Champ! You can do it!
Okay! Whenever you're ready!
I'll try not to
hurt ya too bad!
[chuckles]
You're so gonna lose!
[gasps]
[MR. SATAN yowls]
[MAN 20L] C'mon!
Somebody hit somebody already!
[CHICHI] Your mommy did
really well today, Marron!
She's about to win
ten million Zeni!
This fight's in the bag,
everybody! No doubt about it!
Master Roshi,
I don't think this is the time
to carry on like that.
We have no idea
what Goku and the others
are going through right now!
You're right about that.
Where in the world could
they have flown off to?
[ALL]
Uh...
[TRUNKS]
Pff! Man!
How'd she figure out
it was us under there?
Number 18's gonna win
the tournament now, isn't she?
Whatever.
It shoulda been us! Huh?
[GOTEN]
Uh?
Isn't that--?
Yeah! That's Videl!
Hello! Over here!
Huh?
Hey! What's up?
Goten?
[TRUNKS]
Hey, Goten, wait up!
[GOKU yawns]
Man, I'm bored.
I sure hope someone
comes out soon.
If all goes
according to plan,
he'll eliminate those four
and collect all sorts of
delicious energy for Majin Buu.
Dabura is such a valuable
servant, isn't he?
[BABIDI] And with every
evil act he commits,
he becomes more and more easy
to control with my magic.
[laughs]
[electric motor hums]
Well! Speak of the devil!
Mm. I am sorry for the delay.
[NARRATOR] At long last, Dabura,
King of the Demon World,
is ready to face
our heroes in combat!
Will Gohan overcome
this fearsome foe
who's already petrified
Krillin and Piccolo,
or will he meet a similar fate?
And who will win the battle
to claim the tournament crown?
Number 18 or Mr. Satan?
The moment of truth is at hand!
A new champion
will be decided,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Aw, Gohan, you've been
slacking on your training
while I've been gone, huh?
It looks like Dabura's got
the upper hand against you.
[DABURA] I am nothing like those
weaklings you faced before.
I am the king
of the Demon World
and you will show me
proper respect!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Ugh. I had to wait
so long, I'm all rusty!